hello and welcome to goldsmith I'm your
son's union president my name is bins
and today we're going to give you a
short guide to goldsmith stock with
wrote Laurie grow and your welfare and
education opposite Francesca is going to
talk to you more about what you can find
you hello I'm Francesca education well
faster welcome to Laura Grove this is
the cap Sinclair disappointing I'll tell
you about that on wed christmas
counseling service rededicated King and
really really brilliant you'd pop
yourself on the waiting list keeping
feeling a bit blue having some trouble
at uni they're here to help you and if
we going on I can show you where the
career services that's the Career
Service this is really really really
important part of college even if you
have no idea what you want to do after
you leave college you should come and
talk to them they can help you self care
what kind of extracurricular activities
you need to do your kind of modules and
things you need to improve on my
interview skills or writing your CV I
I'm managed care are your student
activities and services officer this is
the gym from the student union it's open
to students as well as the public it's
16 pounds sixty a month for students and
to have a sewer or the cardio machines
and weights as well as wide range of
classes and we've got our student media
offices over here we have the
award-winning magazine smiths and our
student radio wired you can join them at
our freshest fair which will be held on
the back field over here and we will
have a big marquee on the actual day but
in general the backfield used for
playing sports like football or if we
have a couple of nice days in the summer
in England there's not many of them
a nice day now and people will sit on it
and you can relax them here hi there my
name's James the campaign's
communications officer we're at the back
of the Richard Hoggart building at the
moment so if you want to follow me we'll
have a quick tour what's inside let's go
ok so we're right outside outside here
the media equipment center this is where
if you need any things like your video
cameras laptop speakers anything like
this you can rent them from here
normally for 24 hours and so you know
even if you're doing something for a
society of sport you can still get stuff
from here make sure you use and abuse
this very useful I'm actually bad for me
to be careful ok we're probably the most
important point right here if you look
to my right your left if you go right
down the corridor down here you'll get
too soon union offices that's where me
and the team will be perhaps us any time
of the day you need us and make sure
we're doing our job properly and use the
facilities we've got up there as well
like the computers we call the room the
hub where you can use computers in the
printing facilities and further popping
it ok so right now we're standing
outside the shooting union shop make
sure you buy from here get anything you
need paper pens food magazines
newspapers by from your union support
your union make sure you buy from it
well ok well right now we're in the the
front entrance of the main building
you've got new cross road behind you and
oh look who it is it's fran and manoj
we forgot on the other side of the
building
the student records and thief this is
where you would come to pay your fees
get your council tax exemption form as
well as various other forms you may need
to prove your student and mother
practice data to the student and here is
our students forfeit it's where you'll
get all your kind of advice and support
for universities or your needs for
disability funding housing anything like
that there's Jason the accommodation
office no matter what accommodation
halls are staying in this is the pace
you need to go of any queries with
questions or any problems sit down this
road school some changes roads this is
the library and also IT services gosh
here we can pay for 24-hour library
answers at peak periods and we've won
that campaign so this year it should
happen again and finally this is a
student union building this is the hub
of your student experience we have
absolutely everything here three levels
of advice sports societies a gallery
cafe or wonderful staff our offices also
know Kate within this building thank you
I hope at all was useful stop by
whenever you want there's no excuses
because you know where it is don't
forget as you see us run the corridor
harass us ask us for advice make sure
we're doing our job I don't forget keep
a radical time University remember to
have fun I'm getting boned
you